Austin Maxi which Roger gave to Chris and Babara, we delivered it the long way round. Wishhart drove us AK-Wng for the last show where we all went our own ways except you and I and Jane Walker drove some old wreck of yrs wng to chch. Fun trip perfect weather very slow. The maxi snapped an axle one evening in Palm north, we hung there for two days in a country house waiting for repairs.At the gas station theres was the bass player from the dudes in a sports car who on seeing our plight  "poor bastards" i HAVE ABOUT 5 CASSETTes of live shows. Doug and chris tapes LImbs and windosr. We did the windosr as fill in show to make cash. the goal of the tour was to not play hotels. Qe2 grants people wouldnt fund us due to the hotel show but also got bad news from the Riwaka community hall after our show.... drunken apple pickers drunk on cheap apple cider. I think we left the hall in a mess.Jeez 

I remember heaps more. Westport mid week show, all the kids were broke so they paid us in joints of cabbage. I remember yr cash box(?) being fulll of joints at end of night. Had a night off in Karamea where we ran out on the camp ground without paying, they tracked us down to the local dairy and made us cough up. 

One idea was you were gonna travel a few days ahead of us and spread the word.The generator was only used a couple of times. Gonzo travelled with us.Napier at the youth centre! Sleeping on hot water neach and the tide swamping us in the middle of the night. I didgitused the 4 track doug and chris tapes , they are really good except for the vocals, badly recorded but and Ai machine could porbably sort it, The playing is great.
repairs.at

Waihi soundshell- we set up with generator. The caretaker turned up and said she knew nothing of the gig, we never booked it and she wanted paying, There were like 3 youngsters from a freezing work town there who had travelled to see us, they chipped in and paid for the hire. We promised them the backdrop when the tour ended and one of them hounded me for a while but I never sent it. I actually found the backdrops about 10 years ago and threw em out, no loss, they were bad!

There was a fight in the crowd at the Windsor and we hd to stop. The Windsor was packed. On a lot of the tour people were expecting a clean like experience and some were kindve disappointed or shocked. We were lose and with the two guitar no bass songs we were harsh and full on Im sure.

Golden bay cement works hall, now there's a title. Wooden dance floor, some break dancing,geeorge Henderson turned up and he played a few numbers that night possibly with Pete and H backing him. I was spotted breakdancing by a local who informed me of this about 30 years later.We visited happy Sams saw Colin, there was a hui going down about local trouble with the redknecks. Near Nelson you me and Hamish stayed with a friend of yrs who was ex Happy Sams,had a little farmlet,sweet guy, he loved our track Safety ar Home from oddities.Fuck what was his name?! Lyndsey?L.......?

We must have had a few days off as I remember quite a few days off.

I don't think we played Whangerei. Katikati must've been where the Kumara shed was, on the outskirts deep in the bush.Colville was the coromandel town.I don't think we played Nelson. Some of those gigs were gonna be outside with generator maybe in soundshells etc sortie winging it

I don't remember Greymouth. I lost my voice around about Westport, could sing, just but didn't talk for a few days to save my voice.We had a lot of low grade cabbage which we chain-smoked. Ok,

Aha! Weird how the memory unfolds, it was a Humber! Levin! I think we may have left tech with a bag of cabbage as well. Mid season cabbage days

Maybe 3 sessions at Progressive, jeepers, or two. Recorded in the day mostly. Maybe Monday we mixed. I have photos from progressive, not many, one of you and Dave wishhart,peter etc. Yes this was the EP recording.
Terry engineered, yeh mostly like, vocal overdubs piano etc

Vague memory of a band like the Vibra slaps supporting in AK?.....mmmm, that's hazy....or a band with Clare bleary in it

First time recorded with a piano. On Neck o the Woods Im playing a Minor on piano against a major on guitar. 5 songs in 2 or 3 days, is about right I guess, We recorded two version of Neck, one was quite different but we shelved it

Progressive was 8 track by that stage